Add note about DogStatsD `use_ms` option (#254)
prometheus/statsd_exporter: README.md

Note that timers will be accepted with the `ms`, `h`, and `d` statsd types.  The first two are timers and histograms and the `d` type is for DataDog's "distribution" type.  The distribution type is treated identically to timers and histograms.

> The DogStatsD client by default emits timer metrics in seconds, set [use_ms](https://github.com/DataDog/datadogpy/blob/master/datadog/dogstatsd/base.py#L63) to `True` to fix this.

Reviewer: what L63 is will change over time, and I would rather not link into the middle of some code. What do you think about linking the documentation instead?

```suggestion
The DogStatsD client by default emits timer metrics in seconds, set [use_ms](https://datadogpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html?highlight=use_ms) to `True` to fix this.
```

Author: Yup, sounds good.
